DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-9872 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2888)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== Creating a list from multiple `<div>` elements only created a partial list
// TINY-9872

> Previously, when selecting more than one div contained in a {productname} configuration with `forced_root_block: 'div'` set, and trying to convert the selected content into a list item, the first element was also mistakenly considered as the `root` of the list.
> 
> As a consequence, only the first div is entered into the list, and the remaining `<div>` elements were not converted.
> 
> {productname} 6.7, addresses this issue, which now looks higher in the DOM tree for a parent when looking for the parent for the list element.
> 
> For more information on **forced_root_block: 'div'** options see xref:forced_root_block.adoc[forced_root_block].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} includes a content filtering option, `xref:content-filtering.adoc#forced_root_block[forced_root_block]`, which can change the default block element used to wrap inline elements and text nodes. The default value for this option is `'p'`.

Previously, if the `forced_root_block` option was set to `'div'`:

[source,js]
----
forced_root_block: 'div',
----

multiple lines of text

[source,html]
----
<div>Text line one.</div>
<div>Text line two.</div>
<div>Text line three.</div>
----

were selected, and a list was applied to the text (for example, the *Bulleted List* toolbar icon was chosen), only the first selected item became a list. (That is, the line, *Text line one.*, in the example above.)

This occured because the first selected `<div>` was mistakenly treated as the list element’s root.

{productname} 6.7 addresses this by looking higher in the DOM tree when looking for the list element’s parent.

In {productname} 6.7, when selections equivalent to the above example have a list option applied to them, the entire selection becomes a list, as expected.

For more information on the **forced_root_block** option see xref:forced_root_block.adoc[forced_root_block].
```
Suggested edit.
